NMS-14382 Add documentation for OPAQUE data type support (#4904)
OpenNMS/opennms: docs/modules/reference/pages/performance-data-collection/collectors/SnmpCollector.adoc

.Configuration overview for SNMP data collection
image::performance-management/collectors/01_snmp-datacollection-configuration.png[]

> === Support for OPAQUE data type

Reviewer: ```suggestion
=== Support for opaque data types
```

> OpenNMS support also OPAQUE data type including MIB-import and data collection.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
OpenNMS supports opaque data types including MIB import and data collection.
```

Opauqe is ASN.1(Abstract Syntax Notation One) binary encoded data which is additionally wrapped in a hex string.
The extracted from out of a hex string data can be of various types. At the moment is the support for float data type

> implemented, but it can be easily extended if necessary. Implemented float format have 120 as type field in ASN.1.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Implemented float format have 120 as type field in ASN.1.
```

> To define the opaque type in a data collection the attribute `type` of element `mibObj` must be set to `opaque`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To define the opaque type in a data collection the attribute, set the `mibObj` element `type` to `opaque`.
```

.Configuration overview for SNMP data collection
image::performance-management/collectors/01_snmp-datacollection-configuration.png[]

=== Support for opaque data types

> OpenNMS supports opaque data types including MIB import and data collection.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
OpenNMS can import SNMP MIB definitions with opaque data types, specifically the float data type.
```

> Opauqe is ASN.1(Abstract Syntax Notation One) binary encoded data which is additionally wrapped in a hex string.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Opaque is ASN.1(Abstract Syntax Notation One) binary encoded data which is additionally wrapped in a hex string.
```

> The extracted from out of a hex string data can be of various types. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
OpenNMS interprets these encoded values and properly compiles them so that users do not need to edit the resulting compiled data collection definitions.
```

> At the moment is the support for float data type implemented, but it can be easily extended if necessary. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
OpenNMS currently supports the float data type, but this can be extended, if necessary. 
```
Does the user extend it, or is this something we do? 
If the user can extend it, we should provide an example of how. 
If we are planning to extend it in the future, then we should say:

"{page-component-title} currently supports the float data type; additional opaque data types will be supported in the future."

> Implemented float format have 120 as type field in ASN.1.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Implemented float format have 120 as type field in ASN.1.
```
When I looked at the code, there was a note that said "only the support for type 120 is at the time implemented". If we only support that, this should say:

Only float format `120` as the type field in ASN.1 is supported.

Author: Comment changed

> OpenNMS currently supports the float data type, but this can be extended, if necessary. 

Reviewer 2: `, but this can be extended, if necessary`,  This can be removed.

> To define the opaque type in a data collection the attribute, set the `mibObj` element `type` to `opaque`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To define the opaque type in a data collection, set the `mibObj` element's `type` attribute to `opaque`.
```
